assets/LEGACY_CONVERSION.md, before:

## Converting legacy or non-compliant Headline Snaps

In some cases, you might need to use [a9t9](https://github.com/A9T9/Free-OCR-Software), a free and open source OCR GUI application for Windows, for OCRing some legacy Headline Snap image files, i.e., those which do not follow the [guidelines](./GUIDELINES.md) (background not black, text too high in the frame, etc.). This software is (for some reason) more capable of OCRing these non-compliant images than our Tesseract-based pipeline.

### Instructions

(Windows) Prepare a folder of the all the non-compliant Headline Snaps you need to convert to text. Open a9t9 (example below), click "Open Images", and navigate to your folder. Select all images in the folder. After a9t9 is finished loading the images in, tick the box "Process All Documents", then click "Start Ocr". After the process is complete, you will see all OCRed images on the right side of the window. Click "Save as Text" and save the file to `/hstk/scripts`, naming it `a9t9.txt` (filename is important).

<p align="center"><img src="./a9t9.png" alt="a9t9 example" style="width: 60%;" /></p>

Now you can invoke the script `clean-a9t9.py` by running

```
python clean-a9t9.py
```

The cleaned file will be output to `/hstk/scripts/cleaned.txt`.

Paste the contents of this file into `/hstk/data/src/text/ocr_output.txt`.

Then, to add the contents of `/hstk/data/src/text/ocr_output.txt` to the database, run:
```
python hstk.py -a
```

Commit message:

make --add option add contents of all files in the text directory to the db; redo clean-a9t9.py instructions; add config.json in initialize function

assets/LEGACY_CONVERSION.md, after:

## Converting legacy or non-compliant Headline Snaps

In some cases, you might need to use [a9t9](https://github.com/A9T9/Free-OCR-Software), a free and open source OCR GUI application for Windows, for OCRing some legacy Headline Snap image files, i.e., those which do not follow the [guidelines](./GUIDELINES.md) (background not black, text too high in the frame, etc.). This software is (for some reason) more capable of OCRing these non-compliant images than our Tesseract-based pipeline.

### Instructions

(Windows) Prepare a folder of the all the non-compliant Headline Snaps you need to convert to text. Open a9t9 (example below), click "Open Images", and navigate to your folder. Select all images in the folder. After a9t9 is finished loading the images in, tick the box "Process All Documents", then click "Start Ocr". After the process is complete, you will see all OCRed images on the right side of the window. Click "Save as Text" and save the file to `/hstk/scripts`, naming it `a9t9.txt` (filename is important).

<p align="center"><img src="./a9t9.png" alt="a9t9 example" style="width: 60%;" /></p>

Add to the terms define in the `filters` list in `/config.json`, so that terms that might show up in your images get properly filtered out by the script.

`cd` to the `/scripts` directory.

Now, invoke the script `clean-a9t9.py` by running:

```
python clean-a9t9.py
```

The cleaned file will be output to `/data/src/text/a9t9_cleaned.txt`.

Then, to add the contents of all the `.txt` files in `/data/src/text` to the database, run:

```
python hstk.py -a
```
